📝 Lead with Astro as the default starter in the docs (#4741)
tinacms/tina.io: content/docs/integration/frameworks.mdx

![basic editor](/img/docs/basic-editor.png)

> **Astro is our default starter.** If you are starting a new site and have no framework preference, [start there](/docs/frameworks/astro/). Every framework below is still supported.

> > Tina also allows support for ["Visual Editing"](/docs/contextual-editing/overview/) so that editors can see their pages being updated in real-time as they make changes. Visual editing is available in React-based frameworks (NextJS, React, etc), and in [Astro](/docs/contextual-editing/astro/) without any React in your page tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Tina also supports ["Visual Editing"](/docs/contextual-editing/overview/) so that editors can see their pages being updated in real-time as they make changes. Visual editing is available in React-based frameworks (NextJS, React, etc), and in [Astro](/docs/contextual-editing/astro/) without any React in your page tree.
```
Flows a bit nicer this way. Thoughts?

Author: Applied in a9717208.
